Add clarification for --enable-framework in macOS build instructions (#1646)
python/devguide: getting-started/setup-building.rst

version-specific paths from the values encoded in the :py:mod:`sysconfig`
module. Copies of these scripts are included in the final build products.

.. note::

   The ``--enable-framework`` option installs Python as a macOS Framework.
   This changes the install location to
   ``/Library/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/X.Y/`` and integrates
   Python with macOS’s native framework system.

   Framework builds are required for some GUI libraries (such as ``tkinter`` or
   ``PyObjC``) and allow Python to be embedded in Cocoa applications via
   ``NSBundle``.

>    Without ``--enable-framework``, you still get a working command-line
>    ``python3``, but certain macOS-specific integrations (GUI event loops,
>    app embedding, etc.) will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Without ``--enable-framework``, you still get a working command-line
   ``python3``, but certain macOS-specific integrations (such as GUI event
    loops and app embedding) will not work.
```
